# FBI-Gun-dataset-investigation. This project discusses numbers of gun use in the US, I have analyzed and compared the gun rise over the years after cleaning the dateset and made sure the graphs are justifiable. 
Has the moving average of gun totals increased over the years in the US? As can be seen in this chart, the five-year moving average of total guns in the US kept heading up since 2005.It had a slight decrease a little before 2000 untill a few years before 2005.After that it had gone up fast until it peaked in 2015.Also, there was an appearent decrease after 2015.
How did the average of gun permits change between 1998-2017? In this chart, gun permit is clearly rising since 1998 there had been a few years that it went a little down; however most years makes it look it has always been increasing. since 1998 untill 2007 gun permits had tripled and then from 2007 to 2017 almost tipled again, which can be interpreted that permits would keep escalating in the future of the US.
What are the most frequent numbers of total guns over the years? This chart shows the frequency of totals every year in all over the States and most total registered. Most of totals appear to be between 0 to 20,000 almost 30 times that happened, it also simply can be interpreted that it rarely goes above 40,000 in total. However, it has been gone up to 100,000 a few times.
After discussing guns in the US, and their direction regarding permits and totals, it can be obviously seen that guns would spread out more.Total guns went from 15000 to 45000 in less than 20 years as well as permit guns over the years.Also, it means there are more guns were unpermitted. proportionately, they both have tripled in the last two decades with the numbers totals show, it might reach more than 100,000 in the next decade. Therefore, permitted and unpermitted guns will keep increasing until other laws applied.
